Previously on This Is Us...
I don't see her making it
through the night.
RANDALL:
We're good now.
You made us good.
You tell him hey.
Hey.
I'm pregnant.
You're gonna be a grandfather.
I'm not worried about
forgetting about the big stuff.
It's the regular...
Saturday
when the kids were little,
a day when nothing big
really happened.
We were just laughing
and playing
pin the tail on the donkey.
That's the stuff
I'm not ready to let go of yet.
(birds chirping)
-Mm. Hey.
-Hey.
Mm.
(takes deep breath)
Did you know you have
a tiny little scar
-underneath your eyebrow?
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah.
I never noticed it before.
Yeah. (inhales deeply)
It comes out
when I'm in the sun,
and I got a little sun
the other day.
I can't believe
I never noticed it.
(clears throat) So...
-when I was a little girl...
-Mm-hmm.
...there was this little
playground right by my house
that my dad would take me to
sometimes,
and it had one of
those really lame slides
-that would give you burn marks
on your butt. Mm-hmm.
-Oh, yeah. Yeah.
And, um, you know,
one of those weird
old rocking horse things
that only had one eye.
The springy ones.
-Yeah, yeah.
-Totally creeped me out.
But then
there was this one swing.
God, I loved that swing.
And he would push me on it.
And one time,
I remember I turned around
on the way back down, and
my dad wasn't paying attention,
and his watch clocked me
right above the eye.
Hmm.
He felt so bad,
but I didn't care because
him pushing me in that swing
was just my favorite thing
in the entire world, you know?
DAVE:
And we swing.
It was such a treat for me,
going there with him.
But I would just-- I'd spend
the entire time
worrying about when...
...he would stop pushing me,
when he'd say
that it was time to go home.
Really wish that I had spent
more time appreciating it
when it was all happening,
instead of just...
worrying about
when it would end.
Hmm.
At least I still have the scar.
(sighs) Oh.
-Hmm.
-Um...
Randall's math thing
got canceled today,
so we have a completely free
Saturday with no plans.
No football games,
no playdates.
What should we do?
Nothing.
-Nothing.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, nothing sounds so nice.
-Yeah.
And swing, Rebecca.
And we swing.
-Ready, Randall? (whoops)
-Kate, touch the sky.
-And we swing!
-Touch the sky with your feet.
There you go.
♪ ♪
-And we swing!
-(chuckles)
-Higher!
-And we swing!
(Beth whoops)
(Kevin laughs)
Swing. Throw your arms up.
(whooshes)
♪ ♪
-Whee!
-(Toby speaks indistinctly)
-(Kate laughs)
-(gasps)
All right, Hope. Ready?
BOTH:
Back and forth,
and we swing!
-And swing!
-Swing. (chuckles)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(clicks tongue)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
(chuckles softly)
JACK:
Hey, guys!
Breakfast!
-(lively chatter)
-Attention. Hello.
-JACK: Mmm. Okay, Mom's up.
-So...
since Randall's math contest
got canceled...
-Mathletes.
-What?
It's Mathletes,
and it's not a contest.
It's a group of math enthusiasts
who perform and compete
at a, um...
Forget it.
I'll talk about it later.
-Go ahead.
-It just means we have
a completely free Saturday.
Just us.
(groans)
JACK: Oh, what? Come on.
Is it really that hard
-to be all together for a day?
-RANDALL AND KATE: Mm-hmm.
-Yes.
-(Kate snickers)
REBECCA: Okay, well,
what do you guys want to do?
-Whatever.
-KEVIN: Don't care.
-(scoffs) O-Okay.
Katie girl, what do you got?
Anything we want?
-Mm-hmm.
-All day?
Anything you want. All day.
What do you got, Katie girl?
-Several ideas.
-REBECCA: Oh, well, there we go.
Several ideas.
-Okay. I like that.
-JACK: She's got ideas.
I like, I like people
with several ideas.
(overlapping chatter)
(Randall sighs)
How's the writing coming?
Slowly.
-Thanks.
-Service is in, uh,
less than two hours.
I'm aware.
(sighs heavily)
What?
Nothing.
I'm just checking on you.
I'm good.
(scribbling on paper)
(pen clatters)
What, woman?
I think we need to bang out
a worst-case scenario.
-About what?
-You.
You go first.
I don't even know what
we're worst-case scenario-ing.
After burying your fourth
and final parent, you lose it.
No parents left to bury,
you spend the rest of your days
going to other people's
parents' funerals.
Just crying single tears
at funerals of parents
you don't even know.
Go.
I really don't think
I'm gonna be going to...
You buy an RV. (clicks tongue)
Wake up one morning and say,
"Beth, we need an RV."
I say, "Sure, I can get down
with an RV."
You spend the rest of your days
traveling back and forth
between your parents'
various resting places,
just driving from tree to tree.
-Baby, I'm...
-Mind you,
I didn't even mention Miguel.
I just realized that.
Maybe you realize it, too.
-You decide you need
to go to Puerto Rico.
-(scoffs)
Try and learn about his deceased
great-grandmother's story,
come back talking about
swimming in the Atlantic Ocean
with Miguel's
great-grandmama's ghost.
-And I'm thinking to myself...
-Uh, Beth. I'm okay.
I am appropriately sad,
and I am appropriately anxious
about this eulogy.
All right?
I'm centered,
and I'm looking forward
to this quiet next chapter
with my wife and our lives,
and our eventual grandchildren.
Have you made a decision
about deep-fried Oreos?
(takes deep breath)
Musing.
You?
Same.
REBECCA:
Hey, Bug, these lines looking
straight enough to you?
-Yep. Perfect.
-Great.
I don't want to play four square
with my parents. It's lame.
Yeah, well,
you should have contributed
to the suggestions, then, Kev.
Kevin's right, this is stupid.
What is it with you two today?
Hey, ladies.
Coming to check
on your chalk work.
♪ ♪
REBECCA:
Whoa. Oh. Right?
That was an assist.
-(Rebecca whoops)
-(Jack laughs)
-(Rebecca chuckles)
-Four big ones.
♪ ♪
(footsteps approaching)
(chuckles softly)
If it's okay with you,
I would like to say three things
that will surely cross
multiple ex-husband lines
and protocols.
-Proceed.
-Okay.
Number one.
She was extraordinarily
proud of you.
I am extraordinarily
That was number two.
They get progressively
more and more intense
-as we go.
-Gotcha.
And the third one is
a real doozy.
Today is a doozy.
So...
I love you, kid.
I love you.
And even though our marriage
didn't go the distance,
if Doc Brown showed up right now
and offered me a ride
in the DeLorean,
I would go right back to
that weight loss support group
and make stupid faces at you.
(chuckles)
(distant chatter and laughter)
That's
a Back to the Future reference.
I know, I was married to you.
Yes, you were.
Yes, I was.
(door opens)
Kate? Kate.
Thought you wanted to watch
the home movies next, right?
It's raining pretty hard, huh?
Hey, how about we play a game
next weekend?
Better yet, how about you play
and I'll watch?
I really just like
being together.
Plus, only four people can play,
and I just slow the game down.
That's okay.
I mean, all I want nowadays is
to slow things down anyway.
Me, too.
Home movies?
-Home movies.
-Okay.
(sighs)
-KIDS: We love cake!
-REBECCA: One, two, three.
Oh, wait. Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
This-this is it.
This. Is. The. One.
(VCR whirs)
(Rebecca gasps)
(chuckles)
-REBECCA: No way.
-JACK: Uh-huh.
(dishes clatter on video)
Come on, not on camera, please.
I'm a mess.
I'm covered in sauce.
-Yeah. Oh, yeah. You know what?
You're revolting, okay?
-(chuckles)
I... I want to show you
something
that I've been working on.
Can I just finish the dishes
first, please?
Nope. Get ready.
-Hey, Big Three.
-(Rebecca chuckles)
Enter.
Come on, come on. Come on in,
come on in.
Come on in. Come on in.
(Jack laughs)
Come on in. Come on in, Kev.
-Ready?
-BIG THREE: Ready!
REBECCA:
Look at you guys.
How are you that little?
-JACK: So tiny.
-Look how cute you were, Kev.
JACK (on video):
Ready. First came...
Me.
-JACK: And Dad said...
-"Gee."
-JACK: And then came...
-Me.
-JACK: And Mom said...
-"We."
-JACK: And then came...
-Me.
-JACK: And we said...
-"That's three."
JACK:
Big Three.
ALL:
Big Three!
Ah!
Jack, are you kidding me?
How long did that take?
JACK:
Oh, that was, uh...
that was l-less than
potty training
-but longer than the ABCs.
-(gasps)
You guys are so good!
-Come give me hugs.
-REBECCA: Little Kev.
-JACK: Yeah.
-REBECCA: Kev, look.
-Kevin, look.
REBECCA (on video):
Oh, my goodness.
You're so smart.
I've seen this
like a million times.
-Yeah.
-(Rebecca scoffs)
I'm gonna go upstairs.
Today sucks.
(chatter on video continues)
Two rays of sunshine.
Knock, knock.
-KEVIN: Go away.
-(scoffs)
Uh-uh. Enough, Kev. Okay?
Hey. What's going on, bud?
Yesterday we did
the President Fitness thing.
Uh-huh.
I got the best time in the mile,
and I did the most sit-ups.
I did just whatever
on the sit and reach, but...
that's for girls anyway,
so who cares.
So, what's the problem?
I couldn't do any pull-ups.
I've just never been
able to do them.
So you can't do a pull-up.
What's the big deal?
I was just hanging there
for, like, two minutes,
and everyone was laughing.
At me. They were laughing at me,
Mom.
Okay. (clears throat)
First of all,
I'm sure no one was
laughing at you.
Yeah. Maybe not.
Plus, I had Sophie tell
a bunch of the girls
that I was faking it,
so all the unathletic kids
didn't feel bad
when they couldn't do one.
It played.
Ugh. Kevin.
I really just couldn't do one,
Mom.
Yeah.
But that's okay.
You know, not everything is
gonna come easy to you.
♪ ♪
I think you're gonna have to
work pretty hard
to become the person
I know you can become.
And it will make
the big victories in life
that much more special
when you have to work
a little harder for them.
Do you know
what Dr. Jaffey told us
-when we went
for your last checkup?
-Hmm?
He told us he thinks that
you're gonna be really tall,
like over six feet tall.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm. "A real jock,"
is what he said.
Oh, God. That'd be so great.
Yeah.
(Rebecca scoffs)
(sighs) I feel better.
Well, I'm glad.
I think.
(chuckles):
Actually, I... I have no idea.
No, really, Mom.
-You always know what to say.
-I do?
You're really good
at this kind of stuff.
Thank you, Kev.
-You get one kiss.
-(gasps)
-KEVIN: Just one.
-REBECCA: I just get one kiss?
-Yes.
-Okay.
Well, then obviously I'm gonna
have to get more.
-Hey, stop it! Mom.
-(laughing)
(sighs)
Can't believe I'm standing here.
My brother's wife's funeral.
You know...
before you came
banging on the door
of that trailer of mine,
I had it pretty good, you know?
I didn't care about anything.
You know, the good thing...
about not caring about anything
is that you don't care
when it's gone. Yeah.
You really effed up my life,
kid.
And your mother and father
would be ashamed if they knew
what you did to a sweet
and sensitive old man like me.
-You dick.
-(scoffs)
Okay.
You want to tell me
what's going on with you?
Not really.
-But you're gonna make me,
so I might as well, right?
-Mm-hmm.
Mathletes didn't get canceled.
I lied to you guys.
Why?
(sighs)
-There was this kid
in math class...
-Mm-hmm.
He's been going kind of hard
at me for the last week or so.
Okay.
Anyways,
he's been calling me Fuzz.
Fuzz?
My-my lip.
There's hair.
-Don't you see that?
-Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Gotcha.
He was just going hard
at me yesterday,
just as Rory Seltzer was sitting
in the desk in front of me,
and I just wanted to get all the
attention off of me, you know?
So I-I pulled Rory Seltzer's
chair out from underneath him
as he sat, and he went down.
Like, hard.
Mrs. Dunne saw and...
she suspended me from Mathletes
for a week,
and I got detention.
There's a note, by the way.
You guys need to sign it.
You-you don't need to say
anything; I feel awful.
I'm never gonna forgive myself.
And Rory Seltzer is gonna have
a terrible life
because of what I did.
I'm sure
Rory Seltzer's gonna have
a pretty terrible life anyway.
Don't be funny.
Please don't be funny.
Look, Randall, I...
I don't know
how to discipline someone
who's already harder on himself
than I could ever be.
Okay? It's kind of confusing.
Sorry.
But I do know a thing or two
about facial hair.
You want me to teach you
how to shave?
-Yeah. Yeah, sure.
-Yeah? Okay.
(pages rustling)
♪ ♪
(dialogue inaudible)
(muffled singing)
♪ ♪
(dialogue inaudible)
JACK:
All right, here we go.
-Got it? You ready?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
-I'm afraid
I'm gonna cut myself.
-You won't.
-Okay.
-Go like this.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
-Dad's teaching me to shave.
-I want to shave.
-Dude, you don't even have
any facial hair.
-Yes, I do.
Okay. Hey-- Hold on.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Kev, put some warm water
on your face first. Go ahead.
Get some warm water on your face
and then the shaving cream.
Okay? Just a little bit.
Spread it around.
No, go ahead. Spread it around.
Here. Yeah, spread it around.
There you go.
Here. Go like this.
Mm-hmm.
-Mm.
-(chuckles)
There you go. See?
Just like your brother.
-Mm-hmm.
-All right.
And then dry your hand off,
okay?
Randall, you're up. Here you go.
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay.
There you go.
Holy crap, dude!
You're shaving.
Oh, my gosh, I know, I know.
Hey, guys, your sister wants...
Oh, my God.
What am I seeing right now?
It was time, babe.
Oh, come on.
-Those cute little faces.
-Mom.
-Mom, please.
-All right, okay,
I'm going, I'm going.
Hey, Kev, Kev, you're up.
Ooh.
Just nice and easy pressure.
Look in the mirror.
There you go. Put
a little more pressure on it.
Doing good. Here.
Do one of these on your chin.
Go sideways to your chin.
KATE:
Guys, come on,
pin the tail on the donkey!
Why does she want
to do all this?
I don't know,
it's all baby stuff anyways.
I know, right, I mean...
(chuckles)
-we're shaving.
-(chuckles)
Hey, don't underestimate
your sister, gentlemen.
She gets it.
At a very young age,
she gets it.
What?
Well, when you're young,
you're always trying
to be older.
Then, when you get old,
you're always trying
to go back, be back.
Try and appreciate the moments,
you know?
-Here, Kev, get a little
on the side.
-KEVIN: Hmm?
-Here? Here?
-Yeah.
I mean, that's
what we're doing, just...
collecting these little moments.
We don't recognize them
when we're in 'em because...
well, we're too busy
looking forward.
But then we spend
the rest of our lives
looking back.
Trying to,
trying to remember them.
Trying to be back inside 'em.
Hmm, it's strange,
the things you remember.
KEVIN:
You're being really weird, Dad.
Mm-hmm, really weird.
One day you'll get it.
All right, looking good.
Hold on, hold on,
let me have a look at you.
-Yep, still my sons.
-(both laugh)
Just checking in on you.
(sniffles)
Barely slept.
I was up all night
writing a eulogy,
and I can't remember
a single thing that I said.
A depressing notion
for a depressing day-- may I?
It all just feels so...
pointless.
I spent my entire childhood
worrying about losing her.
I spent the past decade
abjectly terrified of it.
And now she's gone.
And yet...
the birds chirp on.
I notice that I'm hungry.
Five minutes ago,
I thought about work.
Tomorrow I'll shower.
It just all feels so pointless.
That too depressing?
Definitely less funny
than your eulogy.
(laughs)
(sniffles)
We'll... give you two a minute.
(sighs)
It's not pointless, Dad.
Hey.
Gonna be a grandfather.
Remember?
A grandfather.
Hey.
We're getting an early start.
Okay.
You keep up with your chess
while I'm gone, do you hear?
-Okay.
-Okay, then.
Go back to sleep.
(exhales)
Grandfather.
Strange word.
Grand. Father.
(exhales)
Never thought of myself
as either, really.
-Well, look at you now.
-Well...
look at me now.
Such a strange relationship:
grandparent.
Not as complicated as parent,
not as fraught.
But it's just...
unconditional.
Easy, pure love.
What an unusual thing.
To love someone
so unconditionally
when you know time
probably won't allow you
to be a big part of their story.
I don't remember
my grandparents.
I can only access
fleeting images.
Smells.
The smell of pies.
She made pies, I think,
my mother's mother.
My father's father
smoked a pipe.
I remember
the smell of that pipe.
Oh, I look
at those two little girls.
I've known them
all of seven months,
and only now
can I even comprehend
how intensely my grandparents
must have loved me.
And all I can remember
are fleeting images.
Smells of pies and pipes.
I wonder what
they'll remember about me.
A lot.
Yeah, a selfish thing
to worry about,
-I know...
-A lot.
Plus you got that really nice,
really distinctive smell.
Well, thank God for that.
Like shaving cream
and old sweaters.
(both laugh)
Okay.
(sighs)
Memphis?
-Memphis.
-All right.
Let's hit the road, Grandpa.
I've been checking
my phone all day.
Hoping I'd receive an email,
so I could tell you something
that would...
maybe make you smile.
Just got the email.
Found out the sex of the baby.
It's a boy.
You're gonna have a grandson.
A boy?
You're sure?
Mm-hmm.
And, um...
if it's okay with you...
...we'd like
to name him William.
Your grandson
is gonna be named
after a man I never met.
But I know him.
'Cause I know you.
It's not pointless.
(sniffles)
A boy?
-Boy.
-Aah! Finally!
(both laugh)
About damn time, man.
We're having a boy!
(laughs)
I'm having a boy, but...
It ain't nothing but women.
All my life,
I got Black women here,
Black women there.
Dej, I love you and you sisters
and your mama,
all the women in my life,
but a little boy...
(laughs)
Little baby boy,
do a little dance.
Aw.
What are you doing?
(both laugh)
Oh, are you planning
on showing off for us?
Yep.
(footfalls thudding)
We have shaven.
Smooth as a baby's bottom.
KEVIN:
Mm-hmm. Hey.
We're supposed to hang it.
You're supposed
to close your eyes.
-KATE: Okay.
-RANDALL: Okay, okay, okay.
-Got the tape.
-(sighs)
REBECCA:
Feeling drowsy today.
-JACK: Yeah, it's a lazy day.
-REBECCA: Mm-hmm.
-They're shaving.
-I know.
Do you remember
sitting here a few years ago,
right on this couch?
Mm-hmm.
You turned out to be a ten,
Jack.
I mean, I would go higher,
but I hate when people say
"on a scale of one to ten,"
and then someone answers "12,"
you know?
There are rules.
You're a 12.
Thank you.
I'm glad
that you acknowledged that.
Of course I acknowledge.
JACK: Okay, guys,
what do you say? (clapping)
-Let's get a blindfold on her.
-REBECCA:
All right, Kate, let's...
-Let's do it!
-Spin her around,
see if she's still got it.
-KEVIN: No, no.
-RANDALL:
I don't think she's gonna do it.
-KATE: I think I do.
-REBECCA: I think she does.
KEVIN: Have you been
practicing in your room
-or something?
-REBECCA:
Don't doubt your sister.
RANDALL: It's been a long time,
okay? I agree with Kevin.
-Come on.
-REBECCA: I have faith in her.
Kate has always...
Whoa.
Hey, Bec, look at that.
-Holy cow.
-Is that thing for real?
Hey, guys, look at that, look.
Babe, maybe there's a...
another family out there
just like ours.
(scoffs)
Yeah.
The Peasings.
And they live in...
-Minnesota.
-(laughs)
And they're very happy.
Yeah, they look very happy.
Hey.
Babe.
Jack, when the world puts
something this obvious
in front of you, you don't
just walk away from it.
You could be...
missing out
on something very important.
Okay.
But I don't think
we're gonna use it much.
-Do you want to use this?
-RANDALL:
Um, what am I doing?
-All right, spin.
-What am I doing?
JACK:
Spin her, spin her, spin her.
REBECCA:
Get her nice and dizzy
and disoriented.
JACK:
Oh, no, spin the other way,
spin the other way!
(all shouting, clamoring)
All right, give her the tail,
give her the tail.
JACK: Can't believe
you guys stopped her...
-REBECCA: Jack.
-JACK: What?
No, I moved around the room.
RANDALL:
Wrong way, wrong way, wrong way.
(all clamoring)
Okay, don't give her any hints,
Randall.
I'm not giving her hints.
There she goes.
(whooping)
Katie girl, no,
are you peeking, what?
-No!
-How do you do that?
Bug, come on, come on,
tell us how you do that.
JACK:
It's crazy.
Before you put the blindfold on,
I look to see
where you guys all are.
And you never shut up.
So as long as I know
where you are,
I always know where I'm going.
Baby girl.
-KATE: Hey.
-Hey.
(Kevin exhales)
KEVIN:
You have
a creepy glow about you.
(laughs)
I got some good news.
I got some very good news
on a very sad day.
(sighs)
We don't have parents anymore.
We still have parents.
You know what I mean, though.
Yeah.
What are we gonna do now?
Like, with our lives?
We're gonna do
what she wanted us to do.
We're gonna live fearlessly.
I'm gonna open up
so many music schools
for the visually impaired
that...
People are gonna start becoming
resentful of blind musicians?
-Exactly.
-Yes.
They're gonna say,
"They have it too good."
(all laugh)
I'm gonna focus
on the nonprofit.
Be home more.
I like my home.
Took me a long time to get it.
DNC wants me to go
to the Iowa state fair.
Shake some hands,
eat some junk food.
Deep-fried Oreos and whatnot.
And, uh...
if the folks who like to
deep-fry their food like you...
...then maybe...
You gonna go?
-I'm weighing it with Beth.
-Mm-hmm.
But, uh, if she's down?
For Mom?
Yeah, for Mom I might go.
(Kate laughs)
Can I tell you guys
my nightmare?
We drift.
With Mom being gone
and our busy lives,
we drift.
And I'm not saying we wind up,
you know,
estranged or anything, but...
We're not gonna drift.
We could drift.
Secret.
(clears throat)
If someone asks me
to close my eyes
and picture my family...
it's not Beth and the girls
I see first.
My first picture is Mom and Dad
and the two of you.
Younger, cuter versions
of you two, but still...
-Same.
Guys?
First came?
Me.
-And Dad said?
-Gee.
-And then came?
-Me.
-And Mom said?
-We.
-(chuckles)
-And then came?
Me.
And they said?
That's three.
ALL:
Big Three.
(sighs)
Hey, Kate?
If you drifted...
we'd drift right after you.
Aw.
Can you really drift,
though, Kev?
'Cause I can't remember
if you ever actually
learned how to swim.
(both laugh)
Yeah, well,
I had to learn how to swim.
Growing up with you, all those
tears, I would've drowned.
-Right in the kitchen.
-I'm sorry, I'm just in touch
-with my emotions
unlike some people, Robo-Kev.
-Yeah, I'm just saying,
you know, people don't like
their presidents all weepy
and stuff, you know what I mean,
you got to button that up.
She grabbed my hand.
Hard.
Right at the very end.
You know, right before...
Yeah.
I know, I saw.
I wonder what that was.
(train rattling)
Hey.
Mm.
I've missed that little scar.
Come on, you didn't even
notice it for over a decade.
Was too busy looking
at the rest of the face.
I'm scared.
I know.
But don't be.
KEVIN:
Okay.
Let's be honest,
now that I'm shaving,
do I seem more like a man?
-No.
-More like Dad?
-You're getting there.
-I don't know, Kev.
I don't,
I don't really see it yet.
You do know how much
I love you, right, Bec?
Babe?
-JACK: Bec?
-REBECCA: Who, me?
Babe, do you, do you know
how much I love you?
You got, you got to appreciate
the little things, Bec.
Babe, you have said that before.
He was, he was listening
to what I said.
He says it all the time.
-Those are big things...
-No, the little things...
(all clamoring)
-Hey, babe?
-Yeah.
We did good.
You...
did so good.
There was so much left
I wanted to do with them.
You will.
All right, go easy on me.
Oh, boy.
Oh... boy.
(all chatting, clamoring)
What?
It's hard to explain,
but...
you'll do all those things
with them.
♪ ♪
REBECCA:
Promise?
I do.
I mean, it's not
like I want to be there
for anything weird.
I don't want to watch them
shower or anything.
You won't.
But you'll be there.
♪ ♪
OTHERS:
Oh!
(all clamoring, laughing)
I can't dance.
Just focus on the kids.
No, no, no,
no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
No! No! No! No! No! No!
(laughing, clamoring)
Quite a thing, isn't it?
Us...
finding each other
in that bar that night.
I don't know.
I mean, when the world
puts something that obvious
in front of you,
you don't just walk away.
♪ ♪
(laughing, clamoring)
Get Randall!
Get Randall! Get Randall!
(Randall shouting)
JACK:
You ready?
I don't want to leave them.
You don't.
You'll see.
I love you.
♪ ♪
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org